This section will be a part of the first part of the story.
Once upon a time, there was a duck named donald. 
He was a small duck with no friends at all. He is very lonely
But,one day he saw a mouse wondering the woods, that mouse was named Mickey.
And Mickey did not notice the small duck at first.
Mickey turned around and saw the duck Donald running at him full speed.
Donald attack Mickey. Mickey was able to get up and runaway but Donald was following in the shadows
Bop! Goofy knocked out Donald.  
Donald was unconscious but still breathing  
Donald was sent to the hospital while Mickey and Goofy went to Chick Fil A,
Mickey and Goofy were devastated when they found out Chick Fil A was closed because it was Sunday.
They were very sad and settled for McDonalds instead.
This is when they met Ronald... Ronald McDonald.
Ronald McDonald was a lovely clown, he made jokes and liked to be funny.
His cousin Pennywise on the otherhand, is someone you don't want to mess with. 
Pennywise is a killer clown who terroizes kids for fun.  
Ronalds younger brother is Donald, when Ronald found that Donald was in the hospital because of Mickey and Goofy
he called Pennywise for back up.
Ronald and Pennywise were planning an attack on Mickey and Goofy to get vengence for Donald.
Pennywise found out where Mickey lived by hacking the FBI system and searched his name.
Mickey lives on 101 Clubhouse Ln NW.
Pennywise plans to enter through the sewers while Ronald enters by driving through the entrance. 
While typically Ronald is the more peaceful of the two, he is out for blood. 
Before ambushing the Club House, they notice that it is protected by a guard dog.
Pluto, also is infamous for being Hade's three headed Guard Dog, stood at the gates of the Club House;
Ready to devour anything in it's path. 
So this is where they take a step back and come up with a new plan. 
Ronald tries to call Pennywise but Pennywise has no service in the sewers.
While Ronald is backing out rethinking his plan, Pennywise is moving full speed into the Club House to attack Mickey and Goofy
Pennywise runs in knee deep sewage, sprinting, for his brother Donald. Adrenaline fills his veins. A putrid smell overwhelms his smell. 
Ronald, meters behind hears Mouse shrieks erupt from the clubhouse, Daisy and Goofy escape through a second story window. 
Mickey, hears in the distance, the faint echoes of Pennywise singing, "M-I-C-K-E-Y-M-O-U-S-E." 
Ronald after hearing the shriek of Mickey, sees Daisy and Goofy escaping the clubhouse.
Ronald is confused on why Daisy is at the Club House because that is Donald's girlfriend.
Instead of going to help Pennywise Ronald chases after Goofy and Daisy
